Among the 12 keys the members have,
one of the keys is Angel's Master Key,
- and one is Demon's Master Key. - Is this key the Master Key?
(Angel's Master Key versus Demon's Master Key)
(The battle becomes fiercer.)
(Angel tries to help, and Demon tries to lure the players.)
This is so confusing.
One of them is the scariest Demon.
- Please trust me. - All right.
This is so much fun. Don't get too excited though.
It's our fifth players of Master Key.
(The players appear looking handsome.)
(They look happy.)
- It feels like Min Ho has been... - Why am I standing here?
our existing member all this time.
It feels like he's a regular member.
- I think so too. - You did a great job last week.
I would need about an hour to talk about last week's episode.
- I will focus on today's episode. - Good.
- Gosh. - It was driving me crazy last week.
We have new players today.
Here are new players for the fifth episode, Hong Bin and Eun Kwang.
- Eun Kwang. We also have Ye Rin... - Good. Good.
- Ye Rin. - We also have Wendy too.
Why does it feel like Ye Rin has been our member all this time?
- Se Woon is here too. - It's good.
- Let's go inside then. - Let's go.
- Let's go. - Don't get too excited though.
Take your name plates.
- Here are your name plates. - I'm surprised.
- Take your name plates. - Is this mine?
We have to look for the Master Key in the room.
I will stay here.
- Can I just stand wherever I want? - Yes. You can.
Just stand wherever you want.
- You can stand over there. - The ladies can stand next to me.
I think this is my place.
- I will take the red. - I will take the yellow then.
- He's in front of me. - Good.
We have to find Angel and Demon today.
(They finished choosing the keys.)
- This is the start. - This is how it begins.
- This is it? - Players.
Open the Judgment Cabinet in front of you.
Open it and you will see the rules for today.
Among the 12 keys that players have,
there are only two keys that can open the Judgment Cabinet.
One of them is Angel's Master Key,
and the other one is Demon's Master Key.
You have to vote for Angel's Master Key.
The players have to look for the player who has Angel's Master Key.
The players who vote for Angel's Master Key...
will equally win the prize.
(The prize will be divided equally.)
Did you all see what Angel did last week?
- You shouldn't do the same. - That's right.
I was the Angel last week.
I told everyone that I'm the Angel for eight hours last week.
- No one believed him. - No one believed me.
(The players who didn't believe Su Geun couldn't win the prize.)
- No one believed him. - You should have tried harder.
Hyun Moo, it's because you talked too much last week.
He kept saying I wasn't the Angel.
I will treat Su Geun better this week.
- Why? - He treated me nicely last week.
I'm still hurt.
He's still hurt.
However, if the players vote for Demon's Master Key,
the prize will be multiplied by the number of votes.
And the Demon will take the whole prize.
No one will be able to win the prize.
(Demon will take the whole prize.)
There will be Angel and Demon.
We all understood the rules, right?
- Demon. - Don't get confused.
We shouldn't trust anyone.
You shouldn't trust anyone.
Everyone will be divided into groups.
- It's more like an individual game. - That's right.
It's an individual game.
If the players vote for someone...
- who doesn't have the Master Key, - It was Chan Yeol.
the prize will be multiplied by the number of the votes.
And then the player will take the prize himself.
The players who vote for the player won't be able to take the prize.
This was good. In last week's episode,
Chan Yeol of Exo took seven golden keys.
He wasn't the Angel or Demon, but he took seven golden keys.
- He wasn't any of those. - He took everything.
He kept telling everyone.
He told every player that he was the Angel.
He lured every player except Hyun Moo.
- Everyone was tricked. - Gosh.
- You shouldn't trust anyone. - It was amazing.
We thought that...
only Angel and Demon could win the prize.
But Chan Yeol won the prize last week.
He beat Angel and Demon last week.
He won the prize.
The Judgment Cabinet will tell you who has...
Angel's Master Key and Demon's Master Key.
Min Ho is the first one to go.
(Min Ho will check his key first.)
I can't wait.
He was the Demon last week.
All right.
He's experienced.
Is this key...
- the Master Key? - Good.
It can be...
- Just watch. - Let's see.
This is an intense psychological game.
- It is. - I'm so bad at it.
Let's see. Gosh.
(He's experienced in acting.)
What was that?
He's doing it again.
Is this key the Master Key?
The Judgment Cabinet will show you the answer.
- He's checking. - Show us your face.
He thought for a while.
Are you done checking?
- I don't think he has the key. - What's wrong?
I now have the wings.
(Flapping)
No way. He's trying so hard.
He's trying.
Is this key...
- the Master Key? - The Master Key?
They are likely to have the keys.
How would we find out if they only show their heads?
They take so long to read it. They must have the key.
I don't have the Master Key.
You were born...
to be loved
Hallelujah
Look at her.
(How many Angels are there?)
Is this key the Master Key?
This is nerve-wracking.
Look.
Hong Bin must be Demon.
My key feels heavier than the other keys.
It feels heavy.
What?
- He looks suspicious. - Is he the Demon?
Is this key the Master Key?
No, he doesn't have one.
(He looks calm.)
- He doesn't have it. - He doesn't.
- Thank you. - He doesn't have one.
He's acting.
- Is this key the Master Key? - Is this key the Master Key?
(Laughing)
I have the key.
I'm satisfied with the answer.
- Are you? - She's satisfied.
- Are you sure? - I've always wanted to do it.
Is this key the Master Key?
He might have the key.
I want to see it.
I can just go and check the result.
Are you done checking?
- He looks happy. - I think he has one.
He acts a little different than last week.
He can't act as Demon if it's his first time.
He looks awkward.
Do I look awkward?
- Is he Demon? - I think he is.
- Is this key the Master Key? - Let's go.
- Show us. - He looks so serious.
There you go.
Yes.
- I don't think he has one. - He's so bad at acting.
Do you want to do it again?
- Do you want to do it again? - Next person can check his result.
- He looks flustered. - No. Who's next?
- I don't have one. - Key.
I really don't have the key.
Just watch me.
Is this key the Master Key?
Please.
We can't see your face.
(Laughing)
(He laughs loudly.)
- He doesn't have one. - No way.
No way.
I can't tell if he has one or not.
You can turn the light off. I'm done checking.
Gosh.
The light went off already.
There's nothing on the screen.
All the players are done checking their keys.
Before we start searching for the Master Keys,
please go to the locker room to get changed.
Let's go.
What do we do?
(Who has Angel's Master Key?)
I got X on my screen.
Isn't it better if Angel start telling everyone?
- It's me. - Who has Angel's Master Key?
- You don't have it. - I have it.
Why are you lying?
I really have the key.
Daniel.
I really have it.
Gosh. Stop it Daniel.
The Angel is watching you.
I don't want to be the Angel this week.
(A former Angel)
I didn't know I was going to be the Angel again.
He's quiet.
He didn't talk much from last week.
He acts a bit differently today.
- Is he the Demon? - I think so too.
He might be the one. I think he is the Demon.
(He stays quiet.)
Just trust me, please.
You should trust me.
Just trust me.
(Meanwhile)
- I really am the Angel. - Just be quiet.
- Please just trust me. - You're so noisy.
Please.
Please just trust me.
- He's joking. - Please just trust me.
I don't want everyone to vote for me.
Hey.
Su Geun acted like this last week.
- No. - Yes he did.
I'm telling you the truth. Last week,
everyone in my team voted for different people.
No one voted for Angel or Demon.
That's how Chan Yeol won the prize.
Gosh.
- Let's talk. - I am the Angel.
(Those three move quietly.)
I have the Master Key.
- Be serious. - I really have the key.
Just trust me for once.
Okay. I trust you.
- Are you the Angel or Demon? - I'm Angel.
- Really? - Yes.
I'm the Angel too.
Don't lie.
Are you trying to trick us?
Why are you here? Go away.
- Hey. - Come here.
You are the Demon, right?
I am the Angel.
Why am I the Angel then?
Why do you look so down?
I am the Angel.
(Angel)
- He looks like one. - Look at him.
I really am the Angel.
- His eyes say it so. - Is he the Angel?
I could feel that I would have the Master Key today.
- You're lying for sure. - Are you the Angel?
I'm telling you the truth.
- Why are you trying so hard? - Just trust me on this.
- I am the Angel. - You failed last week.
Is that why you are trying so hard this week?
- Why are you trying so hard? - I feel pressured as I'm the Angel.
Oh, do you?
(Excited)
Two of you guys are lying then.
(They are both trying so hard. Which keys do they have?)
All right. What should we do?
You have the Master Key, right?
I think he has the Master Key.
I think he has the key.
If you have the key...
If you received O...
So when are you going to tell us that you're the Angel?
I don't think he's the Angel.
- I don't think he has the key. - Should I start telling people?
After I was betrayed last week,
- it's... - What did you get?
useless to tell people at this moment.
I think people will start...
telling everyone...
after the first elimination.
You can tell people earlier.
- Last week... - Hello. I am the Angel.
This is surprising.
You guys can stay here. I will be outside.
Demon, you should follow me.
- Demon's following you. - Yes.
- No, I am not the Demon. - I am the Demon.
Tell me why you're saying that you have the Master Key.
- The reasons? - Tell me the reasons.
- Good. You are here too. - I...
don't have to be this enthusiastic if I don't have it.
So are you saying that you are the Angel?
Yes.
I am the Demon.
I don't think you are.
- You are not. - Why are you here?
He's checking on everyone.
- I really am the Angel. - He already knows.
Look. There is a possibility...
that Se Woon is the Angel.
- I was the Angel last week. - Were you?
What do you think is the chance that I can be the Angel this week?
- 0 percent. - 1.2 percent.
1.2 percent.
I am...
- He's the Angel again. - I am the Angel again.
No way.
- Gosh. - Why?
How can you be the Angel again this week?
- I am the Angel. - I am telling you.
I am the Angel.
We have different roles today.
Why do you say that?
This is what I wanted actually.
There is a reason that I called you guys.
There is one thing that I want to tell you guys.
- Just trust me on this. - What is he saying?
The first player...
Hey, let's go.
- Trust me. - Is it this way?
- Trust me. - Let's go.
Daniel looks suspicious.
(Investigation Mission 1)
Trust me.
- Come here. - Wendy.
Just watch for once.
This is the Demon's flapping.
It's so dusty.
Why is he acting so actively today?
I think he wants to do it differently this week.
I think he can be the Demon.
No, he's not the Demon. He doesn't look like one.
Trust me.
(Vote for me.)
- Gosh. - I know what you're thinking.
I think I know what you have.
- What? - Key does not have one.
Look at him.
- I went to the restroom together. - Key.
Who received the most votes?
- I won't be able to guess it. - Today,
we have wonderful guests today.
SHINee.
Wanna One, Se Woon, and Red Velvet.
We also have GFriend.
Vixx is here too. BTOB is doing great too.
Min Ho, please say something.
He looked awkward last week as well.
He looks so happy.
Min Ho, you should also talk about your group.
- Like... - Winner is doing good too.
- Of course. - You guys are famous.
Who is this week's winner then?
Who is it?
(Who is the winner?)
Kang Daniel.
(He received the most votes from the viewers.)
Great.
It's not good that Demon received the most votes.
You are right.
- I am so jealous. - We are doomed.
Later, my vote will count as two votes.
- Okay. - I feel so pressured.
Then let's ask Daniel...
to yield his prize to others.
- That's good. - He's Demon if he doesn't do it.
I think so too.
Look at his smile.
Good. For the first mission, you can use the video call.
(Speedy Video Call)
- I'm good at that. - We'll play Video Call Quiz.
Your goal is to answer quickly as many questions...
as you can.
One of the players will go to places whether it's a market or cafe.
At those places, there will be questions.
The player will stick the question paper on his or her forehead,
and other players will be able to read the question.
And the remaining five players will help the player to guess the answer.
However, you cannot tell the player what the answer is.
When the player gets it right, the player will return.
When the 1st player returns, the 2nd player will run to a place.
So we'll be able to answer them at around...
Was it 11:30pm?
The 1st game will end at 11:30pm.
Is this the only game we'll be playing today?
But the places aren't far from here. We can reach there in five minutes.
They are nearby. I was just joking.
- Let's come up with the order. - What about the length?
- Who wants to go 1st? - I'll go 1st.
- Seong Wu is first. - Sure.
(While they are choosing the order...)
Su Geun, I'm the Angel. I'm serious.
- I'm telling you the truth. - Then what about me?
I find what you guys are doing very adorable.
I get the feeling that Daniel has a Master Key,
but I think he might be the Demon.
I'm about to lose my mind.
(He's utterly frustrated.)
I'm telling you the truth. Believe me.
Are you serious? Look me in the eyes and tell me.
- When have I been so eager to play? - Look me in the eyes and tell me.
- Are you telling me the truth? - Yes.
- Wait. Hold on a second. - I'm serious.
My team isn't focusing on the game.
- They ask who the Demon is. - When have I been so eager to play?
Look at them. What am I going to do?
Hey, you should pay attention to the other team.
I guess my performance last week must have gotten to them,
but why would you make me the Angel again?
I feel anxious now. This is driving me crazy.
Good luck.
Make sure we can see your forehead clearly.
- We have to see it when he goes? - Yes.
- Henry. - There are six destinations.
- The player will pick 1 among 6. - Okay.
- How is he going to find the place? - He has to find it himself?
Are you serious?
- You must find them yourselves. - This sounds hard.
- That's going to be hard. - My sense of direction is terrible.
- Get ready. - Get ready.
Start!
- Seong Wu, be careful. - Hey,
- which one did you pick? - Let's go, Seong Wu.
- I can't see. - He picked one.
- Seong Wu, where are you going? - Sorry?
- Tell us where you're going. - Don't listen to him!
- Hey, just go! - Stay focused!
(Yes! My trick worked!)
- Tell us where you're going. - Don't listen to him!
(Team Su Geun's distraction gives him a late start.)
(I must make up for this.)
- Good for you. - I want to answer the question.
(Seong Wu, the fast runner, goes at it.)
- He's running. - Right.
- I can see him running. - Let's move up a bit.
Hey, come here. Look at him.
- We must see how this looks. - Go away.
- Can you hear him? - I can't see him well.
(Master Village, car wash, park, restaurant, cafe, convenience store)
(The destination of the 1st player, Seong Wu, is the park.)
(He heads to the park from Master Village.)
(He arrives at the park in a blink of an eye.)
Can you hear me, Seong Wu?
Yes.
- SBS's equipment is the best. - It's amazing.
It's just a video call. It has nothing to do with SBS's equipment.
Where is the sculpture?
- He ran the other way. - Seong Wu.
Go straight all the way to the terminal in Paju.
It's hard to find it.
It's where we filmed the opening segment.
I found it. I got it.
- Seong Wu. - I found it. I got it.
- Put it on your forehead. - He saw the way.
(He puts the question paper on his forehead.)
- I have to see this. - Put it on your forehead.
(What does it say on my forehead?)
(I have my own fish to fry.)
- What's that? - All right.
- You can't get up. - You're not supposed to get up.
- Hyun Moo, come on. - It's a proverb.
- It's easy. It's so easy. - Hey, this is it, Seong Wu.
- Seong Wu. - Yes?
- They are so dumb. - It's a proverb.
- With this... - It's a proverb.
(They must explain it through the video call.)
- Seong Wu. - No, that's not it. No.
- It's a proverb. - No, no.
(However, the phone is in constant movement.)
- It's a proverb? - Yes, it's a proverb!
- A proverb? - Yes.
- The nose... - "I have my own fish to fry."
(Eun Kwang's gesture plays a decisive role.)
(But unfortunately, the camera moves up.)
I have my own fish to fry!
(He overcomes the hardship and gets the answer.)
(He answers the first question.)
- Come back! Come back here. - My goodness.
All right. Hong Bin, get ready.
- He's running with the paper. - Hey.
- Run! - You can take it off your forehead.
Just hurry back.
He must be in a hurry.
- We can do it with the chair. - We can let go of that.
- Good luck. - Yes!
- Come on. - All right.
- Continue the race. - Hey, start running.
- The time is ticking. - Hong Bin.
- Which one did you pick? - Car wash?
- This one? - Just hurry!
- How am I going to find this place? - No, we can't do that yet.
Does anyone know where the car wash is?
Do you know where the car wash is?
- I didn't see a car wash here. - Car wash?
That's near Paju Terminal.
Am I going to the right direction?
(Where am I? Who am I?)
All I see is the parking lot.
I found it! I found it!
(Car wash)
He found it!
- He did? - That's great!
(However, he must find the paper in the car wash.)
Yes!
The car wash is too big for him to search.
I'm sure they put it somewhere visible. Hyun Moo, be logical.
(Luckily, he spots the paper on top of the washer.)
Here I go.
(Making the answer readable is the key.)
(Rag to riches)
Hey, you must stay seated.
Come on, guys.
(Eun Kwang, the king of expression, manages to read the answer.)
Hey, we should move.
- Seriously? They have to move? - Goodness.
Wait, that is...
It's this.
- Look at this. I don't know. - Look at my fingers.
(No matter how hard they try...)
(They are forced to say goodbye.)
Let's move! Come on, move!
(The camera goes to the opposite side.)
All I see is the floor.
I see nothing, but the floor.
- Really? The camera... - Move up. He can't see your faces.
- Hong Bin, it's a phrase. - Turn the camera around.
(He's trying to express the phrase with his body.)
Face the camera.
- Water? - Go from there!
(This time, he imitates a dragon.)
A dinosaur?
You have all the clues now. Put those two clues together.
This is a phrase.
Rags to riches?
(That's correct.)
- Did I get it right? - Come back quickly!
Darn!
- "Darn"? - Hey.
- How could you swear at me? - I get you're frustrated, but...
- Hey! - Do you think that's polite of you?
- He must've been frustrated. - But he shouldn't have said that.
That was so sudden.
- We are at a disadvantage in this. - Won't there be questions...
- other than proverbs? - We have foreigners in our team.
That's true.
- English phrases... - I know a lot of proverbs.
- Did you know this one them? - No,
- you don't know proverbs. - Of course I do. It was water...
- He doesn't know what it means. - He's not Korean.
- Can this game end... - I learned a lot of them.
with Henry playing?
- He's back. - That was fast.
- My goodness, it's my turn. - Why were you so upset?
Hong Bin, their explanation was horrible, wasn't it?
- It's the batting cage. - Hurry.
- Come on. Get going. - That's in Jamsil.
- Jamsil? - She should run there.
Where's the batting cage?
- Is it this way? Or that way? - It wasn't on the left side.
- Is it that way? - You must find it on your own.
You know where you're going, right? Don't just start running.
I turned right because you told me it wasn't on the left side.
(Go straight when you're lost.)
- Hey. - Is she going home?
She's been running for too long.
I think she might be going home.
- I can hear the bats batting. - I bet you can't see anything.
How am I going to get there?
Wendy, there must be a better angle for you to show your face.
I found it!
(Batting cage)
- That's good. - Look at that.
- I guess it's far. - The batting cage.
(She bumps her head.)
- Hey. - You can't play baseball.
Fix your hair.
- Let's take turns. - What does that mean?
You can't explain that. Hyun Moo, you should do it.
- No, I know what it means. - Henry.
- Henry, stop. - Come on. Just tell me.
She showed us.
- Tell me first. - Wait.
- Let's move there. Move! - Hyun Moo!
(They are in chaos.)
- Hey! - Henry, hold on.
- Go over there. - Talk to me.
- We should explain it. - This is not good.
(The camera moves away.)
- Come back. - I'm right here!
That camera.
- This camera... - The camera is carefree.
- We got it. - Stop it.
What does that mean?
3, 3, 8.
- Wendy. - I don't know any proverbs.
- Wendy. - Hey, baby. Wait, no.
(Eun Kwang comes to rescue again.)
(He's imitating a three-year-old baby.)
- Old habits die hard. - Right, right!
- Great! - How did she answer that?
- I imitated a baby, and she got it. - She did?
- Hey, Eun Kwang is really good. - Good job.
(Is it my turn now?)
Turn right? When I get out, I should turn right?
- You got it. - Yes, that's correct! You're right!
Eun Kwang, that's a good angle.
Are you kidding me?
(He presents the question at the convenience store.)
- What? When I ran quickly... - Show us.
- Eun Kwang. - It's food. You do it on purpose.
- Like this. - You do this on purpose.
- Strike a stone with an egg. - There you go!
(That's correct.)
(He answered it right away only with one clue.)
- He's amazing! - How did he get this one?
It's pitch-dark here. There's no one here.
There it is.
(Restaurant)
He got there quickly.
(Where is the paper with the question?)
Hello.
Hey, they sell pillows with buckwheat.
I found it.
It didn't take him long to find it.
- Get closer. - You shall reap what you sowed.
Hey, come closer.
- Hyun Moo! - You can't see under your nose.
(What did he say?)
Hyun Moo, there's no light.
- You can't see under your nose. - It's dark in here.
What? What does that mean?
- He just said the answer! - What should I say?
- That's the answer. - He said the answer.
- It's what you just thought of. - That's the answer.
- That's the answer. - Hey, I can't hear you.
- Ankhesenamen. - Hyun Moo.
- Ankhesenamen. - No, that's not it.
(That was a nice move.)
Ankhesenamen.
(You can't see what's right under your nose.)
- So we are in... - What do you mean?
You must look at it closely.
- It's not bright. - It looks like this.
- On the bottom... - It's dark.
You can't see what's right under your nose!
(He manages to figure it out after many complications.)
I gave him the answer. I guess he didn't hear me.
But how did he hear when I said Ankhesenamen?
(Way to go, Su Geun!)
- I didn't make sense at all. - Right.
- Hey. - Okay, okay.
Only one person should talk.
- Only one of you should talk. - It's my turn.
- Where are you going? - To the cafe.
- I've been there. - The name is on the card.
- That's the cafe. - Everyone.
- It's at the end of the road. - All I heard was Ankhesenamen.
- I couldn't hear anything. - Go straight?
- Hold on a second. - Keep going.
- Can you see me? - We can see you very well.
- Can you see my nostrils? - You don't have to show them.
- You don't have time for that. - We don't need to see them.
Don't show us your nostrils.
(They had no idea that he was just getting started.)
Keep going.
When are we going to play the game?
Since we're on that, let me say. I'm the Angel.
- Please believe me. - What's wrong with him?
- Are we still on that? - I'm serious.
He kept saying he's the Angel.
- He's not focusing on the game. - I need to repeat myself.
- I'll tell you this until the end. - I heard this about 50 times.
I'm telling you the truth.
- I think I might be brainwashed. - When we play the game,
everyone should vote for me.
Vote for me.
This is a cafe! It's the cafe!
- It's the one. I found it. - You need to go in.
What does it look like?
It looks like this.
- I can't find it. - Look. It's right here.
- Henry. Henry, look at the camera. - What?
Look at the camera. It looks like this. There's a sticker on the back.
- Hurry. - I know.
- Hey, hurry. - Don't fight now.
- Don't fight. - Hey.
You're not there to video call us.
- Come on. Find it. - I found it.
- Put it on your forehead. - Stick it on your forehead.
(He still moves slowly.)
Come on. Hurry.
- I see. - Rice cake.
- This is easy. - You lie down.
- Lie down. - Someone is passed out!
- Someone is passed out. - Okay.
- Someone is passed out. - What's "lie down" in Korean?
- They're explaining it thoroughly. - I'm eating rice cake.
- You should've said, "rice cake". - It's a piece...
- Continue. - It's a piece of gimbap.
- No, no. - That's not it.
(No, that's not correct.)
- It's rice cake! - What did he say?
No, no, no!
- It's chewier than gimbap. - It's a piece of fried rice?
- Rice cake! - Rice cake!
Rice cake? I know rice cake. "Rice cake"!
It's a piece of cake!
- Did I get it right? - We'll let this count.
- We'll count that. - Come back. Henry, come back.
That was right? This is amazing.
My goodness. See? I told you that I could do this.
- I'm impressed Henry got it right. - He said, "gimbap"?
- He even said, "fried rice". - I told you that I could do this.
- Gimbap and fried rice? - Good job.
Hyun Moo, don't you look down on me.
- You saw that, right? - Put it over there.
- He was the only one without it. - That's how he knew.
- Henry, good work. - Good job.
- Henry, you did well. - Good job.
- Hyun Moo, I told you I knew it. - Well done.
- 1, 2. - You guys are in trouble.
Everyone has to move at the same time.
Actually, we don't even have to run given their record.
- Get ready. - Go for it!
- Let's go! - Start!
- Start. - It's the convenience store.
- Convenience store? - I have to turn right, don't I?
- Turn right, and go straight. - Are those the same places?
- They'll go to the same ones. - We're good at moving.
- Going second is better. - Our teamwork is great.
- If that's the case... - Look at this.
We already spent 30 minutes with this game.
- He keeps going straight. - Look at him.
- You've been walking for long. - Hey, I'm fine.
I'm okay.
My mom couldn't get the right angle just like Su Geun.
Parents usually have their cameras on the bottom.
- They look down at their cameras. - Right.
"End of the Earth". I see it here.
"Live Karaoke".
- He's telling us what he sees. - "Pub".
I was just looking at stuff. Excuse me.
There are a lot of customers here. Excuse me.
- He arrived. - I'm at the store now.
- Hey, I found it! - My goodness.
- I found it. - He got an easy one.
- This is where the question was. - Seriously?
- That's an easy place to find it. - Get closer. Hey, get closer.
- He can't touch it. - Please move the camera.
- Gosh, this one is... - Su Geun.
- Hey, move this way. One... - They're moving.
- Ankhesenamen! - That's an easy one.
It's not the sky.
This one is easy.
- It's not the sky. It's... - I can't see.
- What's the opposite of the sky? - Ground!
- Once you vote for someone... - With that...
- Use that word. - Ground.
- Swimming while touching ground. - Yes. Come back now.
- Cotton candy! - You can come back now.
- Hurry back! Come back. - Su Geun.
- Su Geun, run! - I think we won, but run though.
- Please run. - He's taking his time.
Hello.
(He's interacting with people.)
- Look at him taking his time. - Why is he saying hello to them?
- Guys. - Yes?
- Let me use the bathroom. - No!
- Come back and go to the restroom. - No, Su Geun. I'm begging you.
Hey, the convenience store is too far. Tell me where you are.
- You have to show them. - Show your forehead.
- Take it. - Let me see.
- He's about to pass out. - Park?
- That way! Go out. On the left, - Park?
there's... Hey, listen to me before you go!
(Key, the fast runner, dashes to the park at full speed.)
It's too dark.
- Where is he? - He arrived.
- That's the place. That's the park. - The angle is different now.
- He's fast. - How was my angle?
We only saw your chin.
The sculpture?
I'm about to lose my mind.
(Screaming)
(Eureka!)
- Come closer. - Move the camera closer.
- That's too close now. - I can't see.
- This is food. - It's food.
You know when other people's portion is larger than yours.
- Can we speak in English too? - Hey.
(With the explanation that gave too many things away...)
- Can we speak in English too? - Grass is greener on another side.
That's correct!
Did I get it right? Was that correct?
Hey, wait. You almost told him the answer.
- What a jerk. - He gave away too many.
Hyun Moo said you're a jerk.
You gave him the answer.
Su Geun.
Can I use the restroom?
It's strange, but don't you want to use the restroom?
He's faster than Su Geun.
- That was fast. - He was so quick.
Hurry, hurry. Get up!
- Take the camera. Show us the card. - It's the cafe.
- Cafe? - That was cute.
The cafe is...
Hey, the air is very fresh.
You don't have time to enjoy the air.
I found it!
I found the cafe. I found it.
- He's fast. - Go inside.
After you do that...
(He finds the spot.)
- Go inside. Keep going in. - Hello.
- Keep going in. Show us that. - Wait. Isn't that it?
- Where? - Was it on the chair?
The chair? I got it!
- Why isn't he showing us the card? - I can't see.
- Move closer to the camera. - I can't read that.
- Move closer! - What is that?
Hey, that's...
- Hey, let's move. - Look here!
- Look at us! - Come here. Come this way.
- Look at this. Right here. - Se Woon!
- What shape is this? - Hey, look!
- Out of a frying pan into a fire! - That's too fast.
Before you go to the mountain, you do something.
- What do you do before you hike? - You should use the restroom.
- How can you eat in the mountain? - Hey, look at me.
- Wait, Se Woon. - I'm eating here!
A loaf of bread is better than the song of many birds.
That's it!
He's smart. Your distractions won't work.
(Stop disrupting us and go away.)
He did well.
- You look lonely. - Whoever is next, get ready.
I'm almost there.
- That was good. - Easy ones came up first.
- Where are you headed? - To the restaurant.
- It's on the left. - Where is that?
- Which way are you going? - He has to turn left.
- I have to turn left? Left? - Wait a second.
You have to turn right! It's on the right side!
- Turn right! - The noodle restaurant...
- Turn left! - I was there. Look at the sign.
It says, "Noodle Restaurant".
Noodles, grilled spicy chicken... That's my brother's restaurant.
(How nice of him. He promotes the restaurant and attracts customers.)
Just say you've been to the restaurant.
Hello.
- Hi. - Welcome.
- Where is it? - Have I been there?
- Check the table. - The owner must've put it away.
He probably put it away. The restaurant was closing down.
- Did you find it? Did you? - Stay for a while and come back.
- What is that? - It's on his forehead.
(Someone is always one step ahead of you.)
- Look at Su Geun. - I know this one.
- This is too easy. - Look at me.
(Su Geun swiftly uses his body to describe the saying.)
- That was cheating. - No one barely noticed I was up.
Someone is always one step ahead of you?
(Daniel answers it correctly.)
You should let us count that.
- Come on. You should play it fair. - I thought I was on the floor.
I'm sorry. I got up because I got too excited.
We'll add 10 seconds to our record.
- I understand that wasn't fair. - Add 20 seconds.
That was quick.
- That was great. - You came back quickly.
- Good job. - The batting cage?
- Turn left! - Wendy went there. Turn left.
Who's next? Min Ho. Turn left, and run to the car wash.
- The next place is car wash? - You can go to the car wash...
and take a shower there if you want.
Can I go and shower?
- I'm about to lose it. - Gosh, I'm tired.
Did you find it?
(Batting cage)
- Is that it? - She found it. She got it.
Nice!
- Already? - You're doing well, Ye Rin.
- What is this? - She's already there?
She turned right.
- Calm down. Take your time. - I can't open the cage.
- Don't rush. - It's stuck on the bat.
- She's already there? - She got it. She found it.
- It's the food that came up before. - That's great.
- It's a piece of cake? - That's similar.
That's similar. This is inside something.
- What's that? - Someone's calling.
- It's inside... What's that? - Someone's calling.
- Her senior colleague is calling. - What just happened?
- No way. - We were doing so well.
- You can't get up! - Ye Rin!
The call is disconnected.
They hung up.
(She's puzzled.)
- I got a call. - Did your battery run out?
- It's because you played dirty. - Who is Yoon Jong Woo?
- Video call her. - I got it. Ye Rin!
- We're losing time. - No, no. I have her on the phone.
- Let's hurry. Time is ticking. - Ye Rin.
- You should have a do-over. - Wait.
This thing is inside something.
Pie in the sky!
That's right. Did you see that?
Stay calm. See? She answered it.
- Everyone. - They're good.
Hurry back.
- She's fast. - All right. Get ready.
- Get the phone. - Okay.
I'm sure Min Ho understands his task. It's the car wash, isn't it?
- It's sort of isolated. - Where is the car wash?
I don't see it.
- It's right here. - See? I told you.
Having a good memory is important.
(Strolling around)
Min Ho, run.
(Look cool some other time.)
Min Ho, it looks like you're not doing your best. Don't walk.
I'm at the car wash.
- I know that. - "I know that."
- There's nothing here. - It might be inside a machine.
- I found it. - He got it.
- Put it on your forehead. Be calm. - Put in a 50-cent coin.
- Stop talking. Hey, Min Ho. - That's a waste.
What is this that I'm wearing? Look.
- That's an easy one. - I can't see!
- I can't see you. Move. - What is this?
- What is this? - Angel.
What are we wearing now?
- What are we wearing now? - Fine feathers make fine birds.
Fine feathers make fine birds.
(That's the answer.)
- Run back! - Run!
(He's excited.)
Put your arms around each other.
(Team Su Geun is getting far ahead.)
(They cheer for him through the phone.)
That was great.
- Min Ho, you're late. - It's 58.
(Keep moving.)
Is the time limited?
Min Ho, put it on here.
Put it on here.
Over here. Put that over here.
(He tries to cheat.)
Go and sit down.
My goodness.
- We'll accept that. - It was fun.
(Time record for Team Hyun Moo and Team Su Geun)
- Good job. - It's okay.
You did a good job,
but the team to start has a disadvantage.
The second team can observe first.
As Angels, let's finish it on a friendly note.
Okay.
Let's go.
Tell us what the Key Guides are.
Can you read out loud?
Six players of the winning team...
choose one player each...
out of 12 players.
Only you can find out if the player of your choice...
has the Master Key or not.
Let's pick this one.
It's nice and simple. We don't need to worry.
We did that last week.
It could take 14 minutes.
I'm going to find out about you.
I'm going to choose you.
- Who will go? - Take a cell phone each.
- Take the one with your name on it. - Do we find out individually?
Only you can find out.
Are you allowed to film this?
- Is it okay? - Yes.
- Seriously. - They must feel betrayed.
I bet Demon is either Daniel or Su Geun.
I'll send the text now.
I'm completely sure.
(Does Daniel have the Master Key? Does Key have the Master Key?)
Most of you should suspect Daniel.
(Does Daniel have the Master Key?)
Eun Kwang.
(Does Key have the Master Key?)
We can only know if they have the Master Key,
not if they're Angel or Demon.
That's right.
We'll send you the answer.
- Here it is. - It arrived.
I'm worried that others will see.
- What should I do? - Seriously.
My goodness.
Unbelievable.
(Key's key is...)
(They find out who is hiding behind the shadow.)
(Do they have the Master Key?)
Did you find out?
Yes.
(Some people are shocked.)
I misspelled the name.
(You have a new message.)
- This is unbelievable. - Check the message.
(What did those who asked about Daniel find out?)
I will.
(Daniel has the Master Key.)
(Daniel is either Angel or Demon.)
(This is when he finds out about his key.)
(This key is the Master Key.)
(He pretends not to be flustered.)
(Then he shows to everyone that he's Angel.)
(As they search for each other's identity,)
(he keeps persuading others that he's Angel.)
(Hello, I'm Angel.)
(Is he Angel who wants to share the prize?)
(Or is he Demon trying to keep the prize to himself?)
(Only Daniel knows the whole truth.)
Let's be honest about whom we searched.
I can't make any promises with you.
(You aren't trustworthy.)
- I'm tired of this. - I promised to be good to you.
Did everyone find out?
Don't talk about it anymore, okay?
Daniel, I told you to stop smiling.
People can be shocking.
(The three found out Daniel has the Master Key.)
Why do you look surprised?
I'm shocked.
It was easy yet hard.
- You should eat something. - It's easy yet hard.
- Let's play the next game. - Let's do it.
- Let's go. - It was shocking.
SHINee used to be my favorite group.
- It was my favorite. - Really?
This dance made me dream of being a singer.
It's really scary.
(What is his real intention?)
Wearing an Angel mask
Did you see Demon?
Gosh, this is so unfair.
I can't trust anyone.
(Anyone can be lying.)
- Who did you choose? - What?
Daniel.
- What did it say? - What?
He has the Master Key.
Daniel does?
Does he really have it?
- What about you? - I'm serious.
I'm Angel.
- That's why I said... - It's confusing.
- Gosh. - It's too confusing.
I said Demon is either Daniel or Su Geun.
- It's confusing. - I don't think...
Su Geun can be Angel.
- It's not Su Geun. - It's not him.
That's why I asked about Daniel, and he has the Master Key.
(Daniel has the Master Key.)
- You seem real. - Wait a minute.
Shouldn't we discuss?
We should discuss.
Seriously.
Gosh, this is so unfair.
I have been...
waiting for this moment.
- Why? - This is...
the moment that I can be most convincing.
I couldn't convince you before.
The other team is a mess.
- I think... - There are only Demons.
There are only Demons.
I'm Angel.
(I'm Angel.)
(What did you say?)
- You're Angel? - Right.
- Who's Demon? - It's Daniel.
- Daniel? - Daniel is Demon.
(Daniel has the Master Key. Is Daniel the Demon?)
Why is it him?
I know it's him...
because I've lived with him.
I'm familiar with his facial expressions,
behavior, and the way he talks.
I notice when he behaves differently.
He came to me in private.
The tone of his voice when he told me the truth...
was similar to his usual voice.
- He could be Angel. - No.
- He's Demon. - He has the Master Key.
- Master Key. - He definitely has it.
He said that he isn't.
I'm sorry, but do you understand the rules?
- Do you? - Yes.
I think it's him.
- That's not important. - I can see it on his face.
What's the point of guessing...
when I'm Angel?
- You can stop. - Are you Angel?
- I can't trust you at all. - It's too late.
- You're so slow. - You said it too late.
I just understood. I should have pretended better.
What are you doing?
I'm drinking coffee.
Demon's coffee?
(Between us...)
I won't say anymore.
I won't say it again to our team members.
You know that I believe you, right?
During the shoot last week, Su Geun said from the start...
that he was Angel.
No one believed him.
Now I'm doing the same.
I kept saying that I'm Angel from the start.
I did this from the start.
People thought that I was exaggerating.
No matter how much I say it,
people may not believe me.
Right.
Do you think that you're friendly?
I told you that I'm Angel.
No one will guess.
What are you telling him?
- I didn't say anything. - Goodness.
I didn't say anything important.
The probability is 50 percent.
- Whom did you choose? - What?
Whom did you choose?
I chose you too.
- It's either you or Su Geun. - The truth is out.
Everyone knows.
Are you Demon?
One of them is the Demon.
This can't be.
I'd be shocked if you're acting.
I'm not acting.
Didn't you see me last week?
I can't keep a poker face.
- Really? - At that time...
- I can't do it either. - when we were changing...
- You're good at it. - No, I'm not.
- I knew that he wasn't Angel. - I'm not.
- That's why. - I can't lie.
Last week...
It's because you weren't Angel.
I have no idea.
I can't believe...
- that you suspect me. - No.
I'm utterly speechless.
It's an intense psychological warfare.
(Investigation Mission 2)
- Here's Round 2. - This is Round 2.
It's Locker Bingo.
If you win the game...
inside the locker,
you gain that locker.
We play Bingo with the lockers.
The idea for this game is impressive.
As you may already know,
the most important number is 13.
It's the center.
It can be part of any row.
We must win this first.
If you win this...
That's my strategy.
May I open Locker Number 13?
Go ahead.
(What kind of game is inside?)
Open it.
(It's a mysterious red tile.)
What is it?
(What's that?)
- What is it? - Is it chocolate?
Run On Your Back.
Crawl on your back.
The person to finish first wins.
- What? - Backwards?
- I'm good at this. - He's good.
He's good at it.
I was a B-boy.
- He was a B-boy. - B-boy.
- 1, 2, 3, 4. - 2, 3, 4.
(It's passionate B-boy dance.)
(They're excited to watch him dance but...)
How does that relate to the back?
That's true.
It's related.
Is there any B-boy?
I'm home often.
I'm usually on the floor.
While lying down?
Do you move on your back?
Are you confident?
(It's hard to believe him.)
- If you win, - Do we start on the back?
I'll believe that you're Angel.
Do your best.
- I'll play. - If he's Angel, he'll want to tell.
He'll try to win.
We have to win Locker Number 13.
- Seriously. - It's the best one.
- Does it depend on it? - You must do well.
(I'll show you my strength.)
- You can do it. - Let's go.
(The competition will be fierce.)
- Let's go. - Go.
Don't go out to the cement.
(What?)
That's right.
Is it possible to go straight?
- You can take a look. - Disturb him.
You can stop each other. Are you ready?
It's a B-boy versus a couch potato.
(B-boy versus couch potato)
Start when I say go.
Get ready, set, go.
That's good.
(The game starts.)
Go.
That's good.
(It's a close match.)
(Are they really running?)
(Daniel is impressive...)
(as he was a B-boy.)
(I'm Angel.)
(I won't...)
(let you win.)
(He suddenly accelerates.)
(This is great.)
(The winner of the close match)
(It's Daniel.)
They were running.
(He proves himself as Angel.)
Weren't they practically running?
(Some are excited and some are disappointed.)
- That was amazing. - They were so fast.
(He shows the best.)
Where are you going?
- That was impressive. - By the way,
Daniel was faster than me walking.
- How did they bounce like that? - I know.
- Our team wins Locker Number 13. - That was so close.
(Team Su Geun wins Locker Number 13.)
Can we mark it?
- Put it on. - I'm putting it on.
(Team Su Geun gets a locker with the most advantage.)
- Let's block them. - We'll go this way.
- We'll block them. - We'll go this way.
(Daniel is excited.)
- That was amazing. You're Angel. - Thank you.
Daniel, I temporarily accept that you're Angel.
- You can't do that. - You're Angel at this moment.
- Wait a minute. - Only this moment?
What's wrong with you?
- Choose the next one. - Okay.
- Shall we go this way? - Seven?
- It's the lucky number. - You wanted it.
- Seven. - Let's do that.
- Why are you giving us a look? - We'll choose seven.
- Number seven. - Is this it?
- Look. - What is it?
It must be My Hands Are Cold, My Feet Are Cold.
Is that right?
- This is... - What is it?
It's Mat Flipping.
- Put the mittens on. - What is it?
Flip the mats on the floor.
- You win if you flip more mats. - Is it difficult?
- What? - With the mittens?
(Is this possible?)
- Put the mittens on. - Who's good at it?
(I can do this.)
Having long nails makes it easier.
- Show me your nails. - They aren't long,
- I have long nails. - but I know how to play it.
- I have long nails. - I know a technique.
Which technique?
- As the floor... - Don't we flip them?
- We shouldn't lift them. - What do we do?
We should pile them and flip them when there's space.
- Pile them together. - I bet the mats stick.
- We can't lift them. - Listen.
We'll announce beforehand.
Ye Rin will play.
It's better for a calm person to play.
If Ye Rin plays,
- Seong Wu should play. - Seong Wu?
(Here's Seong Wu.)
My goodness.
(Seong Wu has a determined look.)
- Which color? - Is ours black?
- Okay. - Trust yourself.
Lay out the equal number of mats.
I used to be a recreational activity instructor.
(Why can't you trust me?)
- We need one more blue. - Is it equal?
- Wait. - It's stuck.
Let it go.
What's wrong with you?
It's off the floor.
- That's not allowed. - It's the design.
Please give me 60 dollars. I'll send them to a sauna.
- They're dirty. - I agree that I was wrong.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
It's off the floor.
Do you understand?
(Let's stick it to the floor.)
Stop it, Hyun Moo.
You're unbelievable.
I should kick you and make you pass out.
My goodness.
(All we have to do is win.)
Let's do our best.
Get ready.
- Let's go. - It's ready.
- Get ready. - Let's go.
(Serious Seong Wu plays against Ye Rin.)
(These mats are slightly off the floor.)
Get ready, set, go.
- Let's go, Ye Rin. - Let's go.
- That's great, Ye Rin. - Let's go.
(She flips the ones that aren't stuck.)
- Come on. - Ye Rin.
- Ye Rin. - That's amazing.
(However, he seems unstable.)
(Move your feet.)
(He got the hang of it.)
This one.
(Did he get the hang of it? He seems lost.)
- Go. - There are two.
- What are you doing? - There are two.
What are you doing?
(She flips two simultaneously.)
There you go.
- Seong Wu. - Come on, Ye Rin.
(Ye Rin flipped twice as more.)
- Good job, Ye Rin. - Flip this one.
(Seong Wu screams for help.)
Seong Wu.
(Didn't you know a technique?)
Time is up.
- Seong Wu. - Ye Rin.
(Ye Rin wins.)
- Come back. - He must be Demon.
(You said that you'll win.)
Aren't you Demon?
- Was that intentional? - Seong Wu.
- How could you be so slow? - He's Demon.
Come on, show us your face.
We still have hope. Was it Locker Number seven?
- Yes. - If we win number one,
we can block the diagonal.
You're very positive.
- That's right. - Put them together.
Good job.
- Good job. - It was a fair game.
(Team Su Geun aims for the diagonal.)
What's next?
Let's continue the diagonal.
- Number 25. - We'll win next time.
- Let's block Number 25. - We must win.
It'll be tough if we lose.
- Right. - We must win.
- It'll be tough if we lose. - Ta-da.
It's time for presents.
Congratulations, you're the winner.
(Thank you very much.)
- What is it? - It's Lucky Box.
(The team to choose the locker wins the locker for free.)
(They can't believe it.)
We got it.
- My goodness. - Unbelievable.
(Why wasn't it ours?)
(Everyone, look at this.)
(They're so excited.)
- Great. - No way.
(Team Su Geun continues to advance.)
- That must be nice. - It's because...
Angel is on your side.
Go first.
(They're reminded of Angel's movement.)
It's 25, not 19.
- It's Locker Number 25. - We got lucky.
(They have 2 lockers left.)
All we have to do is block it.
- What kind of expression is that? - We have to block it.
- We have to be strategic. - Let's go. What's next?
Look carefully.
If we win Locker Number one,
we can take over these rows.
Locker Number one is better.
- That's good. - Right?
Let's choose Number one.
- Check what's inside. - Number one.
- One. - We could get lucky again.
(What's in Number one?)
- What is it? - A flipper?
- It's a flipper. - What's that?
- This? - It's jaegi.
(Su Geun is good at playing jaegi.)
(Is it a game of jaegi?)
(I'll win no matter what.)
It's jaegi.
(Let's play jaegi all night long.)
- It's jaegi. - What about the flipper?
There's a flipper.
(We don't know yet.)
It's different with the flipper.
We have to kick forward.
Maybe.
We have to kick like this.
- That's right. - It's difficult.
Who wants to go first?
Seong Wu.
(Seong Wu from Team Hyun Moo starts.)
Can we kick like this?
Do we count the total?
(He represents failure.)
- Challenge. - That's great.
(Team Hyun Moo's catching up depends on this man.)
- Come on. - Ye Rin.
- Ye Rin. - That's amazing.
(However, he seems unstable.)
- Challenge. - That's great.
(No more defeats this time)
(Will he manage to win this time?)
- 1, 2. - Good.
[VIU Ver] SBS E05 Master Key "Locker Bingo" -= Ruo Xi =-
Do we count the total?
(He represents failure.)
- Challenge. - That's great.
(Team Hyun Moo's catching up depends on this man.)
(Will he manage to win this time?)
1, 2. - Good.
(Is it already over?)
(Yes, it's over.)
(Without a chance to prove himself...)
(the game is already over.)
Come back to your place.
You're not in good shape today.
- Why don't you... - I'll play.
- Eun Kwang. - Follow what I do.
- Do 20. - I bet he's good at it.
- Do 20, Eun Kwang. - Challenge.
(He looks like a jaegi player.)
3, 4. That's good.
7, 8, 9, 10.
(He seems quite stable.)
7, 8, 9.
10, 11, 12.
(Eun Kwang kicks 10 times.)
That was great.
You did so well.
How did you do it?
- Is there a technique? - He's so good.
(The result is unbelievable.)
- I should wear yours. - Who's next?
- Henry? - I'll try.
- Make it up to 12. - I'm confident.
One on the right.
Gosh, I'm shocked that he kicked 12 times.
- Great! - Ready, set, go!
- 13, 14. 14. - Great. Come on!
(The end)
- Well done. - What did you do?
I think Henry is on our side.
- Next is Hong Bin. - It's like he's on our team.
- He's the ace. Ready and go. - Go!
Start. 15, 16,
17.
- My gosh. - 18.
(She gets hit by the jaegi.)
18. It was 18.
- She got hit in the head. - I am all right.
- I am all right. - Are you okay?
It hit Wendy's head, so it's 18.
- I am okay. It hit my head. - It hit her head.
- You're good. - Stop it.
- Instead of asking... - Our motto is "To cheat".
Wendy if she's all right, you went, "That's 18!"
- How can you do that? - It's just...
Wendy wanted this result too.
Is it 18 then?
- 18... - She didn't say anything.
Your hair is a mess.
- 17. - Okay.
Start from 17. Start.
- 18, 19. - 2 is a lot.
- Great job. - It's 19.
It's okay.
- Hyun Moo might kick the air. - He's our ace.
- 20. - He might do well.
- 20. - Don't hit even one.
20, 21. Wait.
(What is he doing?)
(Will he do well? It's just how we expected.)
My goodness.
(He threw himself to the floor.)
It's 21.
There was a thud.
- Great job. - Team Hyun Moo's score is 21.
Can't you count the one that hit my head?
I think this is the best.
Lifting it like this is the best. You know, right?
- Who will go first? - Let's do this.
- I will do it first. - Great.
- Go, Se Woon. - Get 27.
- Their score is 21. Just hit 20. - Okay.
Just hit 20?
- No pressure. Just 20. - 21?
- It's difficult. - He's going to be good.
- It's difficult. - I think he's going to be good.
Let's go. That's good, Se Woon.
- What's this? - He's trying to balance.
- What's this, Se Woon? - Here we go.
You're doing good, Se Woon.
I think he's going to hit two.
- I think he's going to hit 2. - 1, 2, 3.
(Isn't it too high?)
- Great. - He received it.
4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
- Good job! - 3, 4,
(How can he be so good?)
7, 8, 9, 10.
8, 9, 10.
10, 11, 12, 13.
16.
(It's a calamity.)
(Henry sacrifices himself to stop Se Woon.)
Wait.
Se Woon.
- I did it. - What was that?
How could he be so good?
- What was that? - He was so good.
Even if the rest of us hit one each, it will be a tie.
Great job.
Let's give it up for Se Woon.
- He's great. - Don't be too good.
Anything is possible.
- He's really good. - You should sit down and film.
It's going to get really boring.
By the way, let's set a record.
- Here we go. - Okay.
- 16, 17, 18. - That's good.
- Here we go. - Go. 19,
- 20. - 20.
- 21, 22, 23, 24, - He didn't say he'd start.
- 25, 26. - He has to start over.
- Go. - 28, 29.
(Team Su Geun has won, but they try to set the record.)
Great.
- You saved the last one. - This is too boring.
(They have already won.)
(We dedicate our victory to you.)
We won.
- We have 19 now. - We have 1 more to go.
- We just need one more. - Let's disappoint them...
- by getting 19. - Okay.
- That would be so disappointing. - That would be very disappointing.
- What will you do? - What do you mean?
- We'll go with 19. - Go with 6.
- We choose 19. - If they get the Lucky Box...
- I hope it's in here. - Lucky Box.
(Which game is it?)
- Minus One Box? - How do you play this?
- Is it Minus One Box? - I don't know how to play this.
- What's that? - It's a hula hoop.
We have to go through it.
You have to wear it.
It's Hula Hoop Human Tuho.
You will throw hula hoops, and the other player will receive them.
- I am good at this. - Will you throw them to a person?
Ye Rin is the only one slim enough for the hula hoop to go through.
- He's really good. - I can even throw a choux.
- Really? - Eun Kwang is the master thrower.
Shouldn't someone with a small head be receiving them?
- What? - Are you allowed to move?
You have to stand.
- He will throw. - Can we finally win?
- Let's win. - Can we finally win one game?
- Let's get 19. - Yes.
- Let's upset them. - Yes.
Let's do this.
Ready.
(Will they have a great harmony?)
- Start. - You should throw vertically.
- That's it. - Take it slowly.
- This... - That's it.
That's great.
(He received 5 in no time.)
Come on, Henry.
(Henry received 6.)
I can't believe it.
(They put on a circus.)
(We get to watch a circus for free.)
- That's it. - Henry.
- It's too low. - Stay calm.
- That's it. - Stay calm.
- Be calm. - Stay in the line.
Be calm.
It fell. It fell.
Stop. This one is invalid. We should take one out.
- I will take one out. - Thank you.
It's all right.
- You did well. - That was really good.
I won't be able to do it.
He received 12.
He did well.
I thought you were a seal.
- You were like a seal. - He threw them very well.
- You have a talent. - Let's get 19.
- I will hold this. - I think they will be good.
- I will hold this. - And... Look at his skill.
That's a meaningless skill.
(They show off the meaningless technique.)
(He plays games quite well too.)
- You should throw it farther. - Let's do it.
(The small-headed Key will receive,)
(and the game genius Min Ho will throw.)
(Will they finish the game this time?)
Ready.
- Start. - Please.
They are very serious.
They're hopeless.
(Key receives 1.)
(Speed is more important than precision.)
Throw it farther.
Min Ho, throw it farther.
Farther, Min Ho. That's it.
We are in trouble.
We have to do it again.
What's wrong with you? Min Ho.
You have to see where you are throwing.
A little farther.
Get it, Key.
Once it goes through your head, hold it with your hand.
He's dropping everything.
Hold it with your hand.
That's a foul.
Wait.
Eun Kwang is really good.
(Watching them...)
(makes us admire these guys.)
- Great. - Who's next?
This is really difficult.
- We're ruined. - He dropped so many.
- 6, 7. - No way.
Congratulations.
- Are you going to get 19? - We are getting this one.
- We have hope now. - They won.
- We got hope now. - We should get 14.
- 14. - There will be a twist.
There will be a twist in this drama.
(Slowly, Team Hyun Moo starts to catch up.)
(They get the Lucky Box right after.)
Four.
(They win the Jaegi Revenge Match.)
- Go ahead. - This is Team Hyun Moo.
We turn things around.
This is what a variety show ought to be.
- Which one will you get next? - Nine.
- We will go with 9. - 9. Please open it.
- 9. - It's okay.
- Maybe the gift box is inside. - It's a close fight.
- What's that? - What?
- Say the Number Like a Fool. - What?
Your mouth and your fingers should say a different number.
- This. - I know this.
1, 6, 3, 1,
- 5, 2. - 3, 4.
- He's good. - Okay.
He's good.
Seong Wu is good. We have to win.
- 102, 103. - I want to do it.
Okay. Key.
You should regain your honor.
Everything matters.
- We will play one round. - Look at Key.
- It's a war. - It's not a staring contest.
- 5. - 1.
- 5. 4. - 1.
- 2. 3. - 3. 2.
(What happened?)
- You said the same number. - He did.
You said the same number.
- 5. 4. - 1. 2.
3.
(You made a mistake, Seong Wu.)
You said the same number.
- No. - 5, 4, 3.
See?
It was 5, 4, 3.
We know what you were thinking.
(Daniel puts the sticker on Locker Number 9.)
You were working backwards.
But the middle number failed you
This is why it happened.
(It's his charm to always lose without an exception.)
Why didn't he think of that?
- The strategy was good. - It was good.
But he should've thought it through.
It was fun.
I thought he was really good, but he said three like this.
(He was so confident that nobody knew he lost.)
This is great.
(Is luck with Team Su Geun?)
Put this on Locker Number 8.
- Number 8. - We are so lucky.
(In the Dice Building Game,)
(Team Su Geun wins too.)
- We won! - Yes!
We play games so well.
We are really good.
(They get Numbers 8 and 10.)
- 6. - Let's go with 6.
- 6. - 6 is great.
6.
That's it.
- It must be something bad. - No.
- What is it? - I will toss this.
- What is this? - What's that?
- What's that? - What is it?
- Are we wearing it? - I'm sure this is not it.
Spinning a Ball Inside a Pantyhose.
You have to wear it.
You have to wear the pantyhose which has a ball inside.
You have to spin your neck...
- and hit the target. - There's a target.
What's the target?
- What is it? - Is it the other player?
- It must be that. - I think I can do this well.
- You have to hit this. - You should protect your image.
I will do it. It's all right.
You've done enough.
It's okay.
- You've done enough. - I'll try to make it stand.
(Su Geun sacrifices his image.)
(The pantyhose met the right person.)
- He's really handsome. - I am ready.
I hope you will praise my self-sacrificing spirit.
They've got the images to protect.
It suits him very well.
Hey!
How can you make her do it?
(How can the team leader force her into wearing the pantyhose?)
You are terrible.
- She volunteered for this. - You're terrible.
Then it's all right.
Who wants to do it?
How do you do it? Do you wear it...
and spin your head to hit the target?
- Wendy? - Should I do it?
(She must regret it now.)
- She should do it if she wants. - I didn't expect this.
Are you all right?
She looks beautiful.
1, 2, 3. Spin it.
- Great. - Stay behind the line, Wendy.
- Here? How can I hit that? - She's a girl.
He looks better like that.
(The pantyhose made him more handsome.)
Thank you.
He looks great now.
(He looks like a supporting actor from a hero movie.)
He looks like a master.
(Film me when you can.)
I think he will make this popular.
He's like a game character.
(He looks like a Kung Fu master.)
Let's do this.
- Move back. - Let's go.
(The pantyhose owner and the normal contestant compete.)
- Ready. - Wendy is going to win.
(The game begins.)
- Go, team! - She's doing well.
Wendy.
A little bit higher.
A bit higher.
(This game isn't about who spins it longer.)
- Start again. - Wait.
- Raise it. - You have to spin it harder.
(She wants to hit it, but she can't control the ball.)
(Su Geun gets close.)
(Hit it!)
(He's so close,)
(but he can't hit it.)
(The ball goes very near the bottle.)
(It keeps happening.)
(What is this?)
Come on!
(He cracks up.)
This is so funny.
This is funny.
(Don't laugh. I am serious.)
(I am determined to hit it.)
(I will hit it.)
(Please hit it.)
(The ball hits the table.)
(This is mad.)
(It upsets him.)
You can do it.
I am going to do it.
(I know it's funny, but don't laugh.)
(They spin it faster.)
(He's getting closer.)
You can do it!
(The ball hits the table again.)
(He can't believe it.)
Hurry up.
Hurry.
This is so funny.
My stomach hurts.
Come on.
Wendy!
- She can do it. - Come on, Wendy!
You have to raise the ball.
Raise your head.
Lower your body.
- Don't lower your head. - Go forward.
- Come on. - That's not it.
(He becomes determined,)
(and he finally hits it.)
(She did her best.)
(Good job spinning the ball.)
Good job.
(Good job laughing.)
That was tough.
(He takes a deep breath.)
You should all play it.
I've never seen such an annoying game.
It's the most annoying game ever.
It was annoying.
That was amazing.
- It's over. - Locker Bingo.
Team Su Geun got Lockers 6, 7, 8, 9, and 10.
Bingo!
(Team Su Geun wins the Locker Bingo.)
- Let's go in. - You look really sad.
Wendy is so gullible.
Wendy is very gullible.
- The Demon revealed himself. - He's appealing himself less.
- I said I won't talk any longer. - Is that right?
- I think he's given up. - I will keep my words.
- Usually Angel appeals himself. - Yes.
Gather up, guys.
Check what?
Five players will be randomly chosen.
1 of them will have the Master Key, and the rest won't the Master Key.
It will show on the screen, right?
Yes. We have to play together.
Let's go with this.
- Great. - Okay.
- Let's go with this. - Let's go.
This is actually a good one.
We can all see this together, right?
I am not sure about Key.
Key is making me confused.
You just need to say the names of five people.
Are you Angel or Demon?
I am Angel. I told you.
He's overreacting.
Why is the Angel overreacting?
I can't keep a poker face.
- He's Angel. - Don't you know me?
(Does Key have the other Master Key?)
I think... Look. Seong Wu's name will appear.
(Or does Seong Wu have the other Master Key?)
My neck hurts.
Master Key is with 1 of these 5 people.
- It will appear on the screen. - Let's see.
Let's take our time.
I am certain that Daniel is in the list.
(Who are the 5 people on the list of suspects?)
(Lee Su Geun, Ong Seong Wu, Key, Jun Hyun Moo, Seo Eun Kwang)
(1 of them has the Master Key, and the rest doesn't.)
Wait.
It's what we expected.
It's...
- Daniel. - He's overreacting.
You're acting very well today.
Don't wink.
I think he intended it.
It's because of what you said.
I am convinced now.
Looking at them, it seems like...
- They don't have the answer. - something is up with Seong Wu.
They don't have the answer. They're not sure.
No. They got the names of five people.
They didn't get...
- what they wanted. - I think we are...
- Are you happy with what you have? - The list includes...
the five people we are most suspicious of.
So I personally feel very good about it.
- If we win the next game, - It's the last game.
we will check two people.
Let's move onto the next game.
- I have no idea. - I know.
We met today for the first time.
Who do you think it is? Who are you suspicious of?
You saw the five names on the screen.
Right?
Why are you looking at me like that?
I've given up.
Why?
When the game finishes, you will all regret it.
- Stop it. - I won't say longer.
No matter what I say, you don't believe it.
I believed it at first, but you kept talking.
So I won't say anything anymore. You won't believe me anyway,
- whatever I say. - Look.
- I want... - Through...
- to hear the truth. - a text message,
I checked Key's key.
Key checked my key.
We...
- checked each other's key. - He might be lying.
- They're deceiving each other. - If you lie, you're terrible.
They're deceiving each other.
I am not a bad person.
This show is making me get scared of people.
Same here.
- I feel like a bad person. - When the game is over,
- you will be surprised. - I feel the same.
I can't talk as well as Key. I can't do this.
This is too difficult.
- This is really tough. - He's amazing.
- Anyway, that's it. - You might be acting.
You might be acting now.
I can't act.
When he acts, he talks like he's from Seoul.
I speak with Seoul accent well now.
- You're talking with Seoul accent. - I am good now.
I am falsely accused.
- What's going on? - I have no clue.
This is how I feel.
While shooting this show,
I wondered if this is what it's like being an adult.
(Master Key lets you experience the extremes.)
This is too difficult.
Is this what it's like to be an adult?
Everyone gathered here somehow.
Daniel was acting like me last week.
You know what I mean, right? He's been overreacting.
He was acting like Chan Yeol.
If he continues acting like this,
Daniel is most likely to get many votes.
He might get the most votes.
Not many people think Daniel is Angel.
People might vote him as Demon.
Anyway, we have the key.
But there's a justification.
We have the key.
Seong Wu will choose Daniel.
They are going to divide the gold.
(He suggests that Seong Wu and Daniel are allies.)
What's that?
That's a new way to approach it.
Look. He's already got three votes.
If four of you vote for him too,
and if he turns out to be Demon, it will get multiplied by five.
- Seven times... - That is a new approach.
5 is 35. He's going to get 35.
If they get 35 gold keys,
they will have a party.
But that's based on the premise that Daniel is the Demon.
If Daniel is the Angel,
will the ones who voted for him get awarded too?
- Yes. - Right.
- We have to find the Angel. - We have to find the Angel.
- You... - You are a voter.
I am a voter.
He gave up a while ago.
He's a voter.
Okay.
Do you want to be treated?
- I'm losing faith in him. - I don't think it's him.
We should form an alliance.
Yes.
These two are together.
(Investigation Mission 3)
(What is the 3rd mission?)
What is this?
(Extra-large size bed is launched.)
We should all get some sleep.
(It will be sold out soon! Order it now.)
I am too shy to sleep here.
I called my wife and told her I won't be coming home.
We get to sleep here.
- Can we all go up? - Let's go up.
What is this?
- This is amazing. - Who wants to sleep over?
Who can sleep here?
(Hyun Moo rushes onto the bed.)
It's a duck-down bedding.
I am sorry, but...
- What is this? - What kind of a game is this?
- This is great. - I wish my bed is this big.
- I wish this was my bed. - I know.
- Electricity game. - I see something up there.
- This is perfect for the king game. - What is that?
- What is that up there? - There's a monitor.
Is it going to pour water?
What is that?
- Does it have water inside? - It's going to pour water.
- My goodness. - It's on night mode.
It's on night mode?
They're going to turn off the light.
There's going to be a motion on the monitor.
When the monitor turns off, it will get dark,
and we have to follow that motion.
When the light comes back on,
we have to be in that motion.
(Equal, unequal)
If we fail, strings that hold the female player will disconnect.
(A penalty to a female member when they fail)
- They're going to fall. - They're going to fall on that.
- Are we supposed to save them? - Yes.
It will be very scary when the string disconnects.
I know.
The motion will be...
on the monitor for five seconds.
You must not miss it.
We're protecting the princesses from each team.
It's weird.
I want to lie down here.
Can we take a nap?
This is why we shouldn't sit down.
Once I sit down, I want to lie down.
Yes, me too.
Let's just have fun and drink soju.
You don't even drink.
The food is delicious.
(Food over soju)
I love food.
Gosh. You're such a punk.
(He nags like an old man.)
He sounds like a grandfather.
My goodness.
Let's begin now.
Lie down.
(2 minutes before the 1st darkness)
Get our heads together.
What are you doing?
(Passion, my foot.)
The bed is so red.
I can't do this anymore.
(This is nice.)
I see the difference between the winning team and the losing team.
I didn't understand why we were losing at first.
(The difference between dispassion and passion)
- They're having a discussion. - Lie down.
You can just relax, guys.
Sure.
- Sure. - Get it?
- This is nice. - This is our room.
We have to get up all at once.
Let's do this.
(Which team will save their princess?)
- We'll save you. - I'm falling asleep.
Hey.
- Ye Rin. - He keeps saying that.
Don't waste electricity.
Be ready to fall, Wendy.
I want to punch him.
- Be ready to fall. - What is that?
What is that?
- Hey. - Handstand.
It's easy.
- Let's begin. - Who?
You do the handstand.
He and I will support you.
- With Hong Bin. - Get ready.
(I'll handstand with Hong Bin. Where are you?)
(I'm here. Where's number five?)
(Both teams begin moving.)
Where are you?
Se Woon's right here.
Grab Se Woon first.
- Towards the camera. - He's on your left.
- I'm sorry. - Make it fun, Se Woon.
I can't see anything.
- Go on your hands. - I can't see anything.
Stand up.
- Don't touch my butt. - I can't see anything.
Go on your hands.
(What is the result?)
(Not identical)
We're close.
(The string disconnects.)
(Princesses lost one string each.)
That's what happens?
We have to be faster.
- Let me see. - I'm sorry.
You have to bare it.
We're lying down.
(He doesn't care about his princess.)
- As you know... - I'm sorry.
You should say sorry at least.
- We're sorry. - We're sorry.
- I'm sorry. - Come here.
I'm sorry.
Remember your position.
- On your position. - Let's get at least one.
I think we will win with just one answer.
- Let's grab our hands. - Go on your hands.
Let's say our names.
The numbers are confusing.
Let's go with names.
(He steps on Su Geun's foot.)
Why would you...
cross the line?
Why would you cross the line?
(He punishes the person who crossed the line.)
- He stepped on him. - That's the line.
He stepped on Su Geun.
(Don't cross the line.)
Good job.
That was a great move.
I can't believe you.
Jun Hyun Moo!
Fine.
What's wrong?
- Did you get beat? - No.
- What's wrong? - Oh, that.
(What is that skill?)
That helps you see better in dark.
I couldn't see anything at all.
That helps you see better?
You get used to the darkness.
Oh, getting used to the darkness?
(Get used to the darkness by covering one eye.)
You have to see the motion.
What if I go like this?
(Mysterious home remedy)
That's useless.
Don't think it's useless. Try it.
The light goes off after the motion.
- Give me. - All the best!
(Any more mistakes are critical to princess.)
- Let's get it this time. - He sounds like an old man.
Hey, don't waste the energy.
(Their eyes widen.)
- I've said it so many times. - Okay.
Okay.
I've said it so many times.
- Okay. - Start now.
No.
What is it?
Ong Seong Wu.
(I'll hold. Let's hold Ong Seong Wu.)
(1, 2, 3.)
(They're in order this time.)
We got it.
- It's scary. - It's done.
Okay. We're done.
- It's done. - We got it.
(The problem lies on how detailed it is.)
- We both got it. - The direction of the face.
It's this way.
(It's identical.)
Does the direction matter?
(It's not identical.)
(My goodness.)
I'm sorry.
My goodness.
Gosh.
She should be lower.
- What if she hits the ground? - Work harder.
Cover your face.
Work harder.
You should've been careful. That was a lousy job.
- Do you get it? - Yes.
We won.
How can you throw me like that?
Seong Wu.
(He fell to the ground.)
I'm so sorry.
(Don't make me sad.)
We were just so happy.
I fell to the ground.
Good. We're doing great.
- Let's do it. - There are so many.
Are you on your feet?
I don't want to fall.
- Okay. - Good luck.
(3rd round begins.)
Let's do it.
Last month bill was over 100 dollars.
Turn the light off! We're ready.
Save the energy. Turn the light off!
Hey.
It's the same.
- It's the same. - No.
Don't go on your knees.
(Counting until the light goes off)
(Light goes off.)
Okay.
Henry in rear.
On your knees.
Hands on your knees.
- Go up first. - Go up.
Don't go on your knees, Henry.
Go up first.
It's over.
They're not up yet.
That's not what it looks like.
You shouldn't be on your knees.
(Team Su Geun matches the motion.)
(She screams.)
(Princess Wendy loses one string.)
You should've done this.
- I didn't see it. - You should've done this.
My team's awesome.
It was my fault.
- Let's do it. - Let's do it.
Both girls...
have one string left.
Are they going to fall if we don't get it this time?
(The team that wins this time is the winner.)
- They're going to fall. - It will be hard this time.
- Let's do it. - Let's do it.
(The final round begins.)
Let's do it.
I want something hard.
Are you going to say anything?
- Hey. - She's out.
Don't make me repeat it!
Why would you swear at her?
(Why are you so mean to your family?)
Why would you be so mean to her?
Turn the lights off to save the energy.
- Turn the light off. - Are you an old man or woman?
(The last match for the last Key Guide)
(Which team will get the Key Guide through darkness?)
- There is it. - What is that?
Put your arms out, and put your hands together.
(Counting before the light goes off)
- In the middle. - Put your hands together.
I'll be in the middle.
Okay.
Back to your position.
- Jun Hyun Moo in the center. - Jun Hyun Moo in the center.
- Jun Hyun Moo in the center. - You have to support two people.
Next to my elbows.
(It's important to stand on the knees.)
People on the top, put your hands together.
- I'll go up. - It hurts.
Hold on to his elbows.
(He slipped.)
Again.
Come here.
(Both teams are done.)
(Which team will get the last Key Guide?)
- Step on my thigh. - Now.
(Hold on.)
(He slipped.)
(Team Su Geun matches.)
(She falls.)
(Princess Wendy to chicken feather bed)
(Princess Wendy is suffering due to low quality guards.)
I'm fine.
I'm so sorry.
- Ye Rin! - You're safe.
- Ye Rin! - We got it!
It was amazing.
Are you okay, Wendy?
- Because... - I'm fine.
Team Su Geun wins.
(Team Su Geun wins the last Key Guide.)
The last Key Guide.
Good job, Ye Rin.
This is annoying.
We lost.
I'd be upset if they doubt me when I put so much effort.
(Who is Angel and Demon?)
We're here.
This is our last chance.
It's time for us to open the Key Guide.
Don't listen to them. Make the decision on you own.
Everyone must gather.
We won the last Key Guide.
- We won the last one. - Yes.
As we've discussed,
those two will check the other team.
Then there's no point.
Then no one else will know.
Let's select two people from our team...
- with rock paper scissors. - All right.
You must win.
You don't need to win if you want to keep yourself secret.
Two people. Rock paper scissors.
Rock paper scissors.
- You two. - That was fast.
- We check? - Yes.
Go up.
You'll be surprised to see mine.
How about Seong Wu's?
If I were you, I'd choose him.
Seong Wu's pretty ambitious.
- He's very passionate. - Yes, he is.
If you check me,
you'll faint.
You'll fall to the ground.
Let's find out.
Seong Wu.
Your reaction will...
He's writing a fiction.
- Let's go. - He's writing a fiction.
I choose Seong Wu.
He's aiming directly at him.
(He aims at Seong Wu.)
- He's making it sure. - He's making it sure.
You've done a good job.
(What's the truth behind his mysterious smile?)
We're abandoning him.
(Seong Wu's about to reveal his key.)
We're not abandoning him.
- Can I see it too? - Good job.
Let's go.
They will start laughing.
Can I trust you?
My goodness.
- Is this key the Master Key? - Is this key the Master Key?
Good job.
Observe their faces.
- I'm not sure. - I can't wait.
(Seong Wu's key was a hot issue of this Master Key.)
- Let's share it with the team. - I want to see it too,
(Is Seong Wu really an Angel?)
but I can't.
I'm an Angel.
- I can't believe it. - I'm serious.
(Seong Wu kept arguing that he's an Angel.)
(He even persuades his team.)
(24 hours is not enough to argue he's an Angel.)
You'll all regret when this is over.
(You don't know until you check.)
(Was Seong Wu telling the truth?)
(We'll find out now.)
(Seong Wu's key is not a Mater Key.)
(Was he a mere voter?)
(I'm sorry.)
(Seong Wu's key is not a Mater Key.)
They're acting.
Good job.
Give me a hug.
I can't tell because it's their first day.
- Give us a hint. - Don't be like this.
Wait a minute. This is giving me a headache.
That might be a trick.
Tell us if you're an Angel.
- Don't confuse me. - I said I'm the Angel.
Then why won't you tell me?
(Who's telling the truth?)
I saw Daniel talking.
He kept saying he's the Angel.
It looked like he was lying.
What if he was faking it?
I've seen Daniel for a long time.
I know his personality.
When he can't help it, he's like, "Whatever."
"Since I'm the real one,"
- "whatever." - So?
I think Daniel is the Angel.
I was a Demon last time.
I was like Daniel.
I pretended I was the Angel.
- Were you like him? - Kind of.
I got the feeling that Daniel felt...
what I felt when I talked to Su Geun.
(Daniel smells like a Demon.)
I will...
trust you.
This is confusing.
You don't have to vote if you don't want to.
I just need to prove it.
This is confusing.
(Who are the Angel and the Demon?)
I really can't tell.
- Are you an Angel? - I don't know.
Let's share for the last time.
I think sharing is good.
I was pretty offended today.
(Master Key owner, Kang Daniel is nervous.)
Write the name of the person you think is the Angel.
(Vote for the person they think is the owner of the Angel Master Key.)
- Are you writing it? - Yes, Seong Wu.
I'm sure it's Daniel.
Daniel is the Angel, everyone.
I'm sure 100 percent Daniel is the Angel.
I knew it from the beginning. I was sure...
Daniel is the Angel.
If the Demon gets more votes, you can share the money at home.
No. No.
You don't need to try it if they don't trust me.
You're all fooled by the Demon's servants.
I have nothing more to say. I know Daniel.
I trust people easily.
I think we've never had so many people who trust so easily.
- I know. - Me too.
- I can't write it. - From the bottom of my heart.
You're all going to regret.
I'll trust you.
- Me too. I'll trust you. - Key.
You should. I've been telling you.
If you believe it, the Demon can be an Angel.
SHINee's song "Lucifer" means demon.
I'm going to pick Ong Seong Wu.
I'll collect the votes.
It hurts my heart.
Let's reveal the prize box.
(Here comes the prize box.)
There's even a fog.
What is that?
I'll announce the person...
who got the most vote.
What if there's an unexpected twist?
I should've changed it.
Let's please find the Angel this time.
Open up please.
(Kang Daniel got the most votes.)
You all trusted me.
- What? - What is that supposed to mean?
That explains everything.
Were you lying?
- Really? - Daniel.
Are you a Demon?
Please proceed to the Judgement Cabinet.
Is he the Angel?
(Daniel is going to win the prize regardless of who he is.)
If his key doesn't open it, it means he's not.
If he's the Demon, it will change to a red light.
If he's the Angel, a green light will turn on.
- Now, - I think the red light will be on.
please insert the key.
If it doesn't turn, it means he's not it.
Check the Master Key.
(He checks the key.)
(It turns.)
Regardless of who he is, he's the Master Key.
- Is he the Angel? - No.
Let's say it together now.
- Are you a Demon or an Angel? - Are you a Demon or an Angel?
1, 2, 3.
(The owner of the Angel Master Key is Kang Daniel.)
Daniel!
I really trusted him.
Gosh.
Key!
I can't believe it.
I really trusted you.
(Is Key the owner of a Demon Master Key?)
He's a great actor.
I'm not going to listen to SHINee songs anymore.
Ladies and gentlemen. The vote was 6 to 6.
- What? - I know.
Daniel received only half of the votes.
(We've forgotten something.)
(Because Daniel won Gold Chance Card,)
(Daniel's vote counts as 2.)
He used that to win.
(Daniel wins by 1 vote.)
(Summary of the Demon and the Angel)
(Your Key is the Angel's Master Key.)
Show us.
I think I can guess it.
(Daniel is the owner of the Angel's Master Key.)
(Then what about Key?)
(Your Key is the Demon's Master Key.)
(Key is the owner of the Demon's Master Key.)
Hello. I'm the Angel.
(Daniel argued that he's the Angel from the beginning.)
(Key confirmed what Daniel is using the Key Guide.)
(Daniel is the Master Key.)
(What did the Demon do after he found out who the Angel is?)
(He persuaded people that he's the Angel.)
I checked Daniel, and it said yes.
Daniel is the one?
Please trust me. I'm the Angel.
What are you?
I'm telling you. I'm the Angel.
It looks like you're really sad.
(However, Daniel's vote counts as 2.)
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.
(The Angel and the voters receive the prize and 5 golden keys.)
Thank you.
(It's always nice when you vote right.)
You could've got one if you trusted him.
We got the key this time.
This is awesome.
Try harder next week.
Let's work harder next week.
- Sure. I'll see you next week. - Bye.
(Daniel wins!)
Welcome.
(New battle in the new village)
(Expert mystery solvers in one place)
(You have to go crazy to survive if you're not good at solving mystery.)
(They pinch, run, and jump.)
(Chaos by expert mystery solvers)
(Are you ready to go crazy?)
(Are you ready to deceive?)
Are you an Angel or Demon?
(Master Key)